doc(update-guide):Share user guide update (#12)
kaltura/playkit-js-share: README.md

  player.play();
</script>
```
</br>
</br>

## Documentation

> Share plugin enables to share the current content or some other content related url to the social media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Share plugin enables sharing the current content or some other content-related url to social media platforms.
```

Share plugin also enables customizing the sharing attributes. 

> If share plugin is enabled  share icon will be added to the player's top right corner configurable using the uiComponent [area](https://github.com/kaltura/playkit-js-ui/blob/master/docs/ui-components.md#general) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If share plugin is enabled, a share icon will be added to the player's top right corner - this is configurable using the uiComponent [area](https://github.com/kaltura/playkit-js-ui/blob/master/docs/ui-components.md#general) attribute.
```

```
"uiComponent": {
          "label": 'shareButtonComponent',
          "presets": ['Playback', 'Live'],
          "area": 'TopBarRightControls'
},
```

#### Sharing Capabilities

> * Share to a social networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Share to social networks
```

* Email a link to the video

> * Copy a code which enables the video to be embedded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copy a code snippet which enables the video to be embedded
```

#### UI Examples

![example](./images/shareIcon.png)

![example](./images/shareScreen.png)

#### Configuration attributes:
#### shareUrl

> * The shareUrl to use if we want to force such and not using the default share url (using this option will override the definition you have given in `shareOptions`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The shareUrl to use if we want to a custom url instead of using the default share url (using this option will override the definition you have given in `shareOptions`)
```

#### embedUrl

> * The suggested embedUrl to use if default one is not what app requires

Reviewer: so when is embedUrl used ?

#### enableTimeOffset

> * Whether to add also start postion to the shared media

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Whether to also set start position for the shared media
```

#### useNative

> * If the share icon is clicked users will have the ability to choose how to share the desired content using plauer custom UI or the native share api

Reviewer: you mean, this is what happens if useNative is true or...?

#### shareOptions

> `shareOptions` are optional, the plugin can work only with shareUrl or embedUrl stand alone

Author: do not think so

            "title": "share.embed",
            "icon": "M13.9864 6.16443C14.0772 5.61966 13.7092 5.10444 13.1644 5.01364C12.6197 4.92285 12.1044 5.29086 12.0136 5.83564L10.0136 17.8356C9.92284 18.3804 10.2909 18.8956 10.8356 18.9864C11.3804 19.0772 11.8956 18.7092 11.9864 18.1644L13.9864 6.16443Z M15.2929 15.7071C14.9024 15.3166 14.9024 14.6834 15.2929 14.2929L17.5858 12L15.2929 9.70711C14.9024 9.31658 14.9024 8.68342 15.2929 8.29289C15.6834 7.90237 16.3166 7.90237 16.7071 8.29289L19.7071 11.2929C20.0976 11.6834 20.0976 12.3166 19.7071 12.7071L16.7071 15.7071C16.3166 16.0976 15.6834 16.0976 15.2929 15.7071Z M8.70711 8.29289C9.09763 8.68342 9.09763 9.31658 8.70711 9.70711L6.41421 12L8.70711 14.2929C9.09763 14.6834 9.09763 15.3166 8.70711 15.7071C8.31658 16.0976 7.68342 16.0976 7.29289 15.7071L4.29289 12.7071C3.90237 12.3166 3.90237 11.6834 4.29289 11.2929L7.29289 8.29289C7.68342 7.90237 8.31658 7.90237 8.70711 8.29289Z"
          }
   }
}
```

#### Example

> **[Share Plugin Example](https://codepen.io/giladna/pen/KKoOrLV)**

Author: we can try
